[14.0][MIG] base_multi_company (#270)
OCA/multi-company: base_multi_company/README.rst

   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Production%2FStable-green.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fmulti--company-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/multi-company/tree/14.0/base_multi_company
    :alt: OCA/multi-company
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/multi-company-14-0/multi-company-14-0-base_multi_company
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/133/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module will provide a way to change the way Odoo manages a 'multi-company'

> implentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implementation.
```

Abstract
--------

Odoo traditional implementation of multi-company:

- Some models contain a field named Company (company_id) that allows to set one company or None
  in order to:
  - Limit access to that company if set.
  - not limiting access to any company if not set.

> This module breaks that in order to introduce a fine company access.

Reviewer: break sounds very hard

```suggestion
This module changes that in order to introduce a finer company access.
```

e.g.: If you want to give record access to company A and B but not for C.

This module is not doing anything by its own but provide a transversal implementation
for further ones.
e.g.: If you want to implement OCA multi-company behaviour for products, install

> also the 'product_multi_company' module.

Reviewer: You can also mention `partner_multi_company` as the 2 well known modules implementing this.
